---
layout: post
title:  "Paper in NeurIPS 2020 Spotlight"
description: Nathan's paper has been selected as a NeurIPS 2020 Spotlight. Congratulations!
date: "2020-09-26"
---

Nathan's paper on *"Almost Surely Stable Deep Dynamics"* has been accepted at NeurIPS 2020 and selected as a Spotlight session. Congratulations! At NeurIPS 2020, 385 papers out of 1900 were selected as spotlights or orals. 1900 papers were accepted out of ~11,000 submissions.

**Almost Surely Stable Deep Dynamics**
by Nathan P. Lawrence, Philip D. Loewen, Michael G. Forbes, Johan U. Backstrom and R. Bhushan Gopaluni

*Abstract*
> We introduce a method for learning provably stable deep neural network based dynamic models from observed data. Specifically, we consider discrete-time stochastic dynamic models, as they are of particular interest in practical applications such as estimation and control.  However, these aspects exacerbate the challenge of guaranteeing stability of a neural network dynamic model. Our method constrains the dynamic model to be stable subject to a neural network Lyapunov function. To this end, we propose two approaches: one exploits convexity of the Lyapunov function, while the other enforces stability through an implicit output layer. Numerical results are presented and the accompanying code is (will be) publicly available.

- Read the pre-print:
[2020C6_Lawrence_NeurIPS.pdf]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/preprints/2020C6_Lawrence_NeurIPS.pdf)

- Poster available on Figshare: [Almost Surely Stable Deep Dynamics Poster](https://figshare.com/articles/poster/Almost_Surely_Stable_Deep_Dynamics/13238408)